TODOs:
	- Explain why MOEDA without elitist archive diverges (2a)
During variation and selection, it could be that at some point, not all non-dominated solutions
fit in the selection for the next generation. One must then discard part of the solutions, which means
that the elitist front shifts. This could cause the front to become worse, and this is the effect that
can be observed in \autoref{fig:MOEDA_20_100}.
	- Explain final choice of epsilon for elitist archive (2b)
	- Why is population sizing before comparing important? (2b)
Finding a good performing population size before comparing EA variants is important, first of all,
because it gives more insight into the runtime and memory complexities of the algorithm. 
For example, if one has to operate under tight memory constraints, one would be more likely to favour 
an algorithm that performs adequately with a small population size. In addition, population sizing
provides insights into the scalability of the EA. From just a few experiments, one could
make an educated (data-driven) guess as to what the relationship of the population size w.r.t. 
the input size could be. For example, \autoref{tab:} suggests that the variant without elitist archive
has a linear relationship between input size and population size, whereas the variant with elitist
archive appears to have an exponential relationship between these variables. Finally, population sizing
allows the algorithm to perform at its best, given the other constraints and thus results in a fairer
comparison. For the comparison between MOEDA with and without elitist archive, for example, \autoref{fig}
showed that the variant with elitist archive strictly outperforms the variant without, but these
results are skewed because a population size of 100 is in the benefit of the variant with elitist
archive. Given the same function evaluation constraint, the variant without elitist archive is shown
to actually achieve approximately equal results in \autoref{}. 
	- Does elitist archive help MOEDA?
The answer to the question whether the addition of an elitist archive to MOEDA is beneficial is that
it depends. 
